# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**Problem Statement: This dataset is from  a bank marketing campaign which was run to increase the number of term deposits made by the customers. We are going to use this dataset to identify the factors which will determine if the customer will make a term deposit or not.The different factors are the features like education, age, job, marital status etc and the target variable is "y" which tells us whether a term deposit was made or not.**

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**ML Pipeline:The ML Pipeline has a number of steps which is performs.**
** Step 1-Data Ingestion: 
**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
